python: add wrapper code for ITT-NERSC implementation to ensure compatibility (#153)
intel/ittapi: python/README.md

# ittapi

ittapi is a Python binding to Intel Instrumentation and Tracing Technology (ITT) API. It provides a convenient way to mark up the Python code for further performance analysis using performance analyzers from Intel like Intel VTune or others.

The ittapi package has following modules:
- ittapi module - The module consists of main ITT APIs and supports following ITT APIs:

       - Collection Control API
       - Domain API
       - Event API
       - Id API
       - String Handle API
       - Task API
       - Thread Naming API

> - ittapi.compat module : The module is a wrapper to an earlier implementation of ITT API: (https://github.com/oleksandr-pavlyk/itt-python/tree/master). The idea is to allow users to effortlessly migrate to this new package without losing any existing functionality. The module is a wrapper to following ITT APIs:

Author: I have changed the README as you suggested and have created a separate README for `compat` module.

to mark up the Python code for further performance analysis using performance analyzers from Intel like Intel VTune
or others.

> NOTE: For compatibility and smooth transition with the old version of ITT API(https://github.com/oleksandr-pavlyk/itt-python/tree/master), please replace `import itt` with `import ittapi.compat as itt`. For more details about `ittapi.compat`, visit [ittapi.compat page](./ittapi/compat/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: For compatibility and smooth migration with earlier versions of Python bindings [itt-python](https://github.com/oleksandr-pavlyk/itt-python), please replace `import itt` with `import ittapi.compat as itt`. For more details about `ittapi.compat`, visit [ittapi.compat page](./ittapi/compat/README.md).
```

Author: Have made the changes. Please have a look.

Reviewer: please hyperlink the early python bindings to the repository, no need to put that URL in the readme text

Author: Done.

## Installation

ittapi package is available on PyPi and can be installed in the usual way for the supported configurations:
       

>        pip install ittapi

Reviewer: 2 extra spaces

Author: Have removed the spaces.
